docs(staking): add `cancel-unbond` delegations spec (#11473)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/staking/spec/03_messages.md

![Unbond sequence](../../../docs/uml/svg/unbond_sequence.svg)

## MsgCancelUnbondingDelegation

> The `MsgCancelUnbondingDelegation` message allows delegators to cancel the `unbondingDelegation` entry and re-deleagate back to previous validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MsgCancelUnbondingDelegation` message allows delegators to cancel the `unbondingDelegation` entry and re-deleagate back to a previous validator.
```

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/28243eb41c16ecfc95631ac2bb266dd28ed5c317/proto/cosmos/staking/v1beta1/tx.proto#L36-L38

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/28243eb41c16ecfc95631ac2bb266dd28ed5c317/proto/cosmos/staking/v1beta1/tx.proto#L144-L154

+++ https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/28243eb41c16ecfc95631ac2bb266dd28ed5c317/proto/cosmos/staking/v1beta1/tx.proto#L156-L157

This message is expected to fail if:

> * the `unbondingDelegation` entry is already processed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* the `unbondingDelegation` entry is already processed.
```

> This message is expected to fail if:
> * if an `unbondingDelegation` entry is already processed
> * if cancel unbonding delegation amount is greater than the `unbondingDelegation` entry balance
> * if cancel unbonding delegation height is not exists in the `unbondingDelegationQueue` of the delegator

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This message is expected to fail if:
* the `unbondingDelegation` entry is already processed
* the `cancel-unbonding-delegation` amount is greater than the `unbondingDelegation` entry balance
* the `cancel-unbonding-delegation` height doesn't exists in the `unbondingDelegationQueue` of the delegator
```

When this message is processed the following actions occur:
* if delegator `unbondingDelegation` entry is not processed
* if cancel `unbondingDelegation` amount is less than or equal to the `unbondingDelegation` entry of delegator 

> * if cancel unbonding delegation height is exists in the `unbondingDelegation` queue of the delegator

Author: I updated this section
